doing in Denmark since 74 how he was how
he eat how he was allowed to come here
but but that's speculation but but you
can speculate about a lot of things
because it was during the Cold War it
appears the galena was released because
the necessary documents were not
presented in time the authorities have
stopped looking for Galina even though
the case remains unsolved but Jack is
about to find surprising clues to the
whereabouts of the prime suspect after
his interrogation in 1993 francesco
golino the prime suspect in the Georgi
Markov case disappeared without trace
the authorities made no further efforts
to track him down but journalists Jack
Hamilton has located several people that
knew golino in Copenhagen
not really key to speak about on the
tour I think they're Krantz fighting to
talk about the fact they knew him and
what he was like I found one person who
has agreed to speak to me about
Francesco galeno but he's also they
fightin and concerned not to be
identified jag sources known gallino on
and off for over 15 years they first met
when gallino owned a picture framing
business how did you feel when this news
came out that Francesco Gulino who you
knew was assigned to be connected with
Gil damar coughs death I was shocked I
were taught and what is he saying okay
of course I I asked him but he couldn't
understand that our Secret Service team
like that because he was only a small
man a living man and he don't poke me
more about it but what does he do now
this today but is he an Invisalign yes
your common Frensham meet him sometimes
he still live here calm and go so and
and I I don't have everyone I don't want
to have any trouble no one is looking
for Francesco golino anymore but Jack
has found sightings of him all over
Europe a wire service reported his
arrest on the German border in 2002 the
chief suspect in the umbrella murder
seems to be alive and well I've even
spoken to an art dealer who said he saw
him here in Copenhagen as recently as
two years ago this is amazing I it seems
that the glee know is is working and
and traveling throughout Europe and the
authorities don't pay to be interested
in him at all Francesco galino has never
commented on the allegations connecting
him to the model of Georgi Markov Jack
tried to approach golino through his
contacts in Copenhagen but everyone is
too afraid down the murder of Georgia
Markov is still an open investigation in
Britain and Scotland Yard refuses to
comment on the current status of the
case but the Bulgarians did agree to an
interview with air police investigator
in Sofia and raised for Tarnoff has
suspended all work on the Bulgarian
investigation citing lack of evidence
this is the entire mark of case does he
live at the center there's bread eighty
percent of the documents for into the
account that markup was killed by a
Bulgarian state security agent or
someone who worked for them it's all
pointing towards that account each key
more than eighty percent in that
direction seguros de same of dollars of
the divers but we need one hundred
percent Jackson area under our law every
doubt has to be in the interest of the
accused proof has to be beyond
reasonable doubt you need officials blue
chili traveled a sudden but perhaps
there's another reason for the
Bulgarians reluctance to move forward
there is a statute of limitations on the
case which runs out in September 2008
after this time the investigation will
be closed forever it's realistic a
rational of Mishima travels the country
unfortunately that's how is decided in
our law in the case of this crime the
statute of limitations is 30 years even
if the suspect is found he can't be
prosecuted in our courts if the statute
has run out would not suit today there
is no sign that the necessary documents
will ever be released in Bulgaria to
solve the case the country is now
applying for membership of the European
Union
and reopening that Georgi Markov case
will be politically embarrassing for I
know just try to forget their past
joining the EU hasn't men in Bulgaria
facing up to what the communist regime
did they feel that looking into these
things would would would be would be
painful and distracting for them are and
there's no political will to do that at
all
even if no individual has ever brought
to trial Vladimir cost of the other
poison pellet victim still feels that
the Bulgarian government should publicly
acknowledge the crimes of the Communist
era
jenna shesh are here I don't seek
anything I am NOT looking for the person
who fired the shot into me or into
Markov perhaps it's the same person I'm
not looking for the person who ordered
it either I understand very well that it
was a political matter so it should be
treated as a political matter it's not
about blaming an individual who simply
executed orders and abate the loss of a
regime it's about getting rid of this
poisoned legacy of the Cold War and
poison later like a fraud
mark offs family hope that one day the
Bulgarian government will admit that
Georgi Markov was the victim of a
political assassination yet 30 years on
the authorities remain silent and the
family continues to live with a quiet
frustration of an unresolved murder for
Markov skousen lubin the only solution
can come from the Bulgarian State obg
third Elizabeth the name isn't important
a version the fingers that did isn't
important is now spoofs it but the my
musta thought it up
a competition that only one can win
Lockheed Martin and bowing to airline
join